<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Tableau 2019.x Cookbook</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Tableau 2019.x Cookbook</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">Copyright © 2019 Packt Publishing</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embedded in critical articles or reviews.</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">Every effort has been made in the preparation of this book to ensure the accuracy of the information presented. However, the information contained in this book is sold without warranty, either express or implied. Neither the authors, nor Packt Publishing or its dealers and distributors, will be held liable for any damages caused or alleged to have been caused directly or indirectly by this book.</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">Packt Publishing has endeavored to provide trademark information about all of the companies and products mentioned in this book by the appropriate use of capitals. However, Packt Publishing cannot guarantee the accuracy of this information.</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px"><strong>Commissioning Editor:</strong><span> Sunith Shetty</span><br/>
<strong>Acquisition Editor:</strong><span> Yogesh Deokar</span><br/>
<strong>Content Development Editor:</strong><span> Nathanya Dias</span><br/>
<strong>Technical Editor:</strong><span> Vibhuti Gawde</span><br/>
<strong>Copy Editor:</strong><span> Safis Editing</span><br/>
<strong>Project Coordinator:</strong><span> Kirti Pisat</span><br/>
<strong>Proofreader:</strong><span> Safis Editing</span><br/>
<strong>Indexer:</strong><span> Rekha Nair</span><br/>
<strong>Graphics:</strong><span> Jisha Chirayil</span><br/>
<strong>Production Coordinator:</strong><span> Deepika Naik</span></p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">First published: January 2019</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">Production reference: 1310119</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">Published by Packt Publishing Ltd.<br/>
Livery Place<br/>
35 Livery Street<br/>
Birmingham<br/>
B3 2PB, UK.</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px">ISBN 978-1-78953-338-5</p>

      <p style="font-size: 11px"><a href="http://www.packtpub.com" target="_blank">www.packtpub.com</a></p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>