<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Introduction</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>Nowadays, almost all organizations are trying to become data-driven. Organizations collect data about sales, customer behavior, user experience, inventory, clickstream, marketing activity, and more. As a result, the data volume is huge and can't fit in a single computer. There are also other attributes of big data such as velocity, variety, and value. BI and data engineers should use different analytics platforms that are able to process big volumes of data, often unstructured or streaming in real time.</p>

      <p>Another important trend in the industry is shifting to the cloud. There are multiple leaders such as AWS, Google, and Azure, which offer cloud infrastructure, high availability, and security of the data. The cloud gives us a lot of advantages and also gives us more time to focus on data processing and analysis.</p>

      <p>Tableau supports more than 40 different data sources. There are plenty of data sources available for big data ecosystems, as follows:</p>

      <ul>

        <li><strong>Cloud Data Platforms</strong>: Snowflake, Amazon Redshift, AWS Spectrum, Amazon Athena, Google BigQuery, and so on</li>

        <li><strong>Hadoop</strong>: Cloudera, Hortonworks, Hive, Presto, and so on</li>

        <li><strong>MPP databases</strong>: Teradata, Oracle Exadata, HP Vertica, Exasol, SAP HANA, and many more</li>

      </ul>

      <p>In this chapter, we will learn how to connect the most popular big data platforms, such as Amazon Redshift, Snowflake, and Hadoop to Tableau. Moreover, we will look into the data lake concept and will connect our raw data to Tableau using Amazon Spectrum.</p>

      <p>It is important to understand that the key element for working with massive datasets in Tableau is good data engineering execution, to make sure that all heavy lifting is performed by the big data systems. Tableau will just render the query results.</p>

      <p class="mce-root"></p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>