<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>How it works...</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">How it works...</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>We've just performed a PCA and created a plot showing data points in a swarm and our original personality dimensions as lines radiating from the center of the chart. Values on <em>x</em> and <em>y</em>-axes are actually the first and the second principal components, respectively. By definition, the first two components explain the largest proportion of variability in the original data, which is why we use them in our chart. Points represent individual people (cases) from our original data file but, instead of showing scores on the different personality traits, we're charting the scores on the first two principal components. Through our R script, we wrote a new file, <kbd>scores.csv</kbd>, where we recorded the scores of individuals on each of the principal components. We saved those values (scores on principal components) as measures: X1, X2, and so on. On the other hand, the lines represent our original dimensions—personality traits. In the chart, we're showing their loadings on, or correlations with, the first two principal components. Those values are also saved as measures: PC1, PC2, and so on. We used them to interpret our principal components—the higher the loading, the more important that original dimension is for defining the principal component. We created this part of the chart using the <kbd>pt.loadings.csv</kbd> dataset, where we recorded loading of each trait on each of the principal components.</p>

      <p>Based on the length and direction of lines, we can conclude that the first principal component, which carries the most information, differentiates people based on their emotional stability, ranging from emotionally stable (on the left-hand side), characterized by high <span class="packt_screen">Discipline</span>, <span class="packt_screen">Competency</span>, and <span class="packt_screen">Achievement</span>, to emotionally unstable (on the right-hand side), characterized by high <span class="packt_screen">Self-consciousness</span>, <span class="packt_screen">Anxiety</span>, and <span class="packt_screen">Hostility</span>.</p>

      <p>The second principal component, which is shown on the <em>y</em>-axis, is defined by <span class="packt_screen">Fairness</span>, <span class="packt_screen">Gentleness</span>, and <span class="packt_screen">Altruism</span> on one side, and <span class="packt_screen">Sensation-seeking</span> and <span class="packt_screen">Assertiveness</span> on the other side. This dimensions can be interpreted as speaking about cooperativeness versus competitiveness.</p>

      <div class="packt_tip">Always be mindful of the fact that interpretation of the components goes beyond interpreting the data at hand and relies heavily on domain-specific knowledge about the topic of research.</div>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>