<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Introduction</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>Tableau Server is a core element of any analytical solution. It helps to share insights across organizations and allows end users to access enterprise data. It is secure and scalable. Moreover, the recently released Tableau Server is available on Windows and Linux.</p>

      <p>It is good to know how Tableau licesing their Server. There are two options available:</p>

      <ul>

        <li>User-based - you need license for every user who access Tableau Server. In addition, user based licnes has different options such as Viewer, Exploer and Creater.</li>

        <li>Core-based - you license total number of cores for your entire Tableau Server implementation. </li>

      </ul>

      <p>When you start to plan your Tableau Server implementation, you shoud start from planning hardware and licesnes based on business needs, such as:</p>

      <ul>

        <li>How many users does your organization have?</li>

        <li>How fast does your organization grow?</li>

        <li>What is the level of Tableau knowledge of users?</li>

        <li>How big is your Data Warehouse?</li>

        <li>and so on.</li>

      </ul>

      <p>You might learn more about license types here <a href="https://onlinehelp.tableau.com/current/server/en-us/license_server_overview.htm">https://onlinehelp.tableau.com/current/server/en-us/license_server_overview.htm</a>. It is applicable for Linux and Windows implementations. In addition, you may leran about the prices for license: https://www.tableau.com/pricing/teams-orgs.</p>

      <p>This chapter will guide you through the Tableau Server deployment on both Linux and Windows to give you an idea of the differences. In addition, it will cover key concepts of Tableau Server and best practices of deployment using AWS.</p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>