<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>ETL Best Practices for Tableau</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">ETL Best Practices for Tableau</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p><span>Tableau is a leader among BI tools and it brings great power to any organization. But with great power, there is great responsibility. Tableau is a tool that does what the end user wants. However, Tableau is at the top of the iceberg and it works with other tools, such as Data Warehouse and ETL (ETL allows us to load data into Data Warehouse or Data Platform). The key aspect of any Tableau implementation is quality analytics and actionable business insights that will drive business decisions and help the business grow. As a result, it is important to integrate Tableau with ETL and Data Warehouse.</span></p>

      <p><span>In this </span>chapter<span>, we want to go through one of the most common problems that we spot on every project. Usually, organizations tend to use multiple independent vendors for their BI solution. As a result, there could be a gap, especially between a Data Warehouse and BI tool. W</span>e will cover the following topics:</p>

      <ul>

        <li>Getting started with Matillion ETL</li>

        <li>Deploying Tabcmd on Linux</li>

        <li>Creating Matillion Shared Jobs</li>

      </ul>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>