<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Preface</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Preface</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p class="mce-root"><span>Tableau is one of the most popular <strong>business intelligence</strong> (<strong>BI</strong>) solutions in recent times, thanks to its powerful and interactive data visualization capabilities. This comprehensive book is full of useful recipes from industry experts that will help you master Tableau skills and learn each aspect of Tableau's 2018.x offerings. </span><br/>
<br/>
<span>This book is enriched with features such as extracts, Tableau advanced calculations, geospatial analysis, building dashboards, and much more. It will guide you to exciting techniques of data manipulation, storytelling, advanced filtering, expert visualization, and forecasting using real-world examples. It will help you on your learning journey from the basic functionalities of Tableau, all the way to complex deployment on Linux. Moreover, you will learn about the advanced features of Tableau by using R, Python, and various APIs. The complexity of tasks increases gradually, and you will be guided all the way to mastering advanced functionalities through bite-sized, detailed recipes. Furthermore, the book is packed with troubleshooting techniques to optimize your BI tasks. </span><br/>
<br/>
<span>You will learn how to prepare data for analysis using the latest Tableau Prep. By the end of the book, you will be all ready to tackle BI challenges using Tableau's features.</span></p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>