<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Conventions used</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Conventions used</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>There are a number of text conventions used throughout this book.</p>

      <p><kbd>CodeInText</kbd>: <span>Indicates c</span>ode words in text, database table names, folder names, filenames, file extensions, pathnames, dummy URLs, user input, and Twitter handles. <span>Here is an example:</span> "<span>You will also need to save a local copy of the</span><span> </span><kbd>Baby_names.csv</kbd><span> </span><span>dataset to your device, as we will be using it in the recipes.</span>"</p>

      <p>A block of code is set as follows:</p>

      <pre>install.packages('rpart',repos='http://cran.us.r-project.org')<br/>library(rpart)<br/>cars &lt;- read.table("C:\\!Slaven\\6 KNJIGA\\4 Advanced analytics\\4 decision tree\\new_or_used_car.csv", header=T, sep=",")<br/>fit &lt;- rpart(FuturePurchase ~ Age + Gender + Education + FamilyStatus + CurrentCar + AgeOfCurrentCar + MunicipalityType, method="class", data=cars)<br/>plot(fit, uniform=TRUE, main="Classification of new cars buyers")<br/>text(fit, all=TRUE, cex=.8)</pre>

      <p class="mce-root">Any command-line input or output is written as follows:</p>

      <pre style="padding-left: 60px"><strong>set enable_result_cache_for_session to off;</strong></pre>

      <p><strong>Bold</strong>: Indicates a new term, an important word, or w<span>ords that you see onscreen. For example, words in menus or dialog boxes appear in the text like this. Here is an example: "From the <span class="packt_screen">Connect</span> pane on the left-hand side, choose the <span class="packt_screen">Text file</span> option.</span><span>"</span></p>

      <div class="packt_infobox">Warnings or important notes appear like this.</div>

      <div class="packt_tip">Tips and tricks appear like this.</div>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>