<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Getting ready</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Getting ready</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>To create the Story, we will use the <kbd>Recycling_campaign_effects.csv</kbd><span> </span><span>dataset. This dataset comes from a survey that is aimed at measuring the effectiveness of a campaign that is promoting recycling milk cartons. To promote recycling the carton packaging, a milk manufacturer placed specialized recycling bins around major cities and advertised the campaign on the labels of the milk packaging. Three months later, they wanted to know how many people knew about the recycling possibilities and how many people are actually recycling their milk cartons. They also conducted a survey asking milk buyers about their habits related to carton disposal. The variables that we are going to use are as follows:</span></p>

      <ul>

        <li><strong>Aware of recycling possibility</strong>: This variable describes whether a person knows that milk carton packaging can be recycled in Serbia. The values of the variable are yes and no.</li>

        <li><strong>Milk carton disposal</strong>: This variable concerns a person's typical place of milk carton disposal. The values of the variable are recycling garbage can and standard garbage can.</li>

        <li> <strong>Read labels</strong>: This describes the respondent's habit of reading labels on products that they purchase. The variable values are yes and no.</li>

      </ul>

      <p>First, save <kbd>Recycling_campaign_effects.csv</kbd> on your computer, open Tableau, and connect it to your local copy of the data.</p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>