<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>How it works...</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">How it works...</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>In this recipe, we installed the R software on our computer. Also, we installed the <kbd>Rserve</kbd> package, loaded its library, and initialized it. Essentially, <kbd>Rserve</kbd> is a connector between R and Tableau Desktop.</p>

      <p>After that, we configured and tested the <kbd>Rserve</kbd> connection. When all of this was done, we were ready to write R syntax in Tableau calculated field. We have the following four different scripts at our disposal:</p>

      <ul>

        <li><kbd>SCRIPT_REAL</kbd>: This script returns real numbers</li>

        <li><kbd>SCRIPT_INT</kbd>: This script returns integers</li>

        <li><kbd>SCRIPT_STR</kbd>: This returns strings </li>

        <li><kbd>SCRIPT_BOOL</kbd>: This script returns Boolean</li>

      </ul>

      <p>Within this script, we are allowed to write regular R syntax and the result of the calculation will be saved in a calculated field. This calculated field can be further used in the same manner as any other calculated field in Tableau. </p>

      <div class="packt_tip">In order to use R functionality in a workbook, the reader needs to have an R Tableau connection. This holds for locally shared workbooks and for workbooks published on Tableau Server. As of 2019, Tableau supports <kbd>RSserve</kbd> connections, which means secure<span> <kbd>Rserve</kbd> is being hosted remotely from Tableau Server, and the data is protected in transit.</span></div>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>