<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Installing Tableau Prep</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Installing Tableau Prep</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>In the modern world, analysts and business users don't want to be block with IT any more. In other words, in traditional organizations all data work is done by IT stuff and business users have to wait, while IT solve their ticket. They demand data; they want to get all the data and analyze it in order to create vital insights that will help them to survive in this highly-competitive world. Around the globe, many people have adopted Tableau and they use for their day-to-day tasks.</p>

      <p>Business users are becoming more and more proficient with technology and data. They are ready to learn new skills that help them get faster insights. As a result, Tableau released a new tool: Tableau Prep. It's an efficient and powerful desktop tool that's available for Windows and macOS and has a rich functionality for shaping data.</p>

      <p><span>You might get questions about the use cases for Tableau Prep. </span>There are lot of use cases for this tool<span>. The main benefit of Tableau Desktop is that it empowers end users by giving them a powerful data-exploration tool. In most cases, business users with Tableau don't depend on IT any more. But they still need IT guidance when they want to prepare their data for analysis. By releasing Tableau Prep, Tableau is trying to solve one more challenge for business users, and offers them rich capabilities for local data transformation and preparation without IT involvement. For example, in a marketing team, you might have lots of data sources, and every month you need to bring in new data sources, so you have to move fast. Using Tableau Prep, you can set your own flow and bring all the data together. You can join, transform, reshape and clean your data, and generate a Tableau data source that will be ready for data analysis and exploration.</span></p>

      <p class="mce-root"></p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>