<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>About the reviewers</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">About the reviewers</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p><strong>Shweta Savale</strong> is the cofounder and head of client engagements at Syvylyze (pronounced <em>civilize</em>) Analytics. Being one of the leading experts on Tableau, she has translated her expertise to successfully rendering analytics and data visualization services for numerous clients across a wide range of industry verticals. She has successfully trained over 2,200 participants across 150+ companies on Tableau, and is also an empaneled trainer for Tableau APAC and conducts public and private Tableau training across Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Thailand, Australia, and India.</p>

      <p>In addition to being an entrepreneur and trainer, she has also authored <em>Tableau Cookbook – Recipes of Data Visualization,</em> published by Packt Publishing, UK.</p>

      <p> </p>

      <p><strong>Lana Anoshina</strong><span> is mom of three kids and she enjoys working with data and solving complex business issues with data visualization. She enjoys driving her Audi on West Coast and spending quality time with her family near the ocean.</span></p>

      <p> </p>

      <p><strong>Dave Dwyer</strong> has a BS in Information Systems from RIT (Rochester Institute of Technology), MBA from Drexel University, certified Six Sigma Black Belt and PMP. In his 20+ years as an IT professional, he has worked in a wide range of technical and leadership roles, in companies ranging from startups to Fortune 100 enterprises. A chance introduction to reporting and analytics 10 years ago hooked him and he never left. Dave feels the data science landscape of analytics, visualization, big data, and machine learning will drive more real changes in business over the next 10 years than any other area.</p>

      <p> </p>

      <p><strong>Manideep Bhattacharyya</strong> is a Tableau enthusiast and Tableau certified professional with more than 16 years of industry experience. He graduated from science college Calcutta in 2003. He started his career at IBM as a Siebel certified professional and worked for 7 years and contributed to many global multinational projects across the world. Later on, he joined an Indian conglomerate and implemented Tableau with a large-scale multi-billion row dataset, and set a new standard for data discovery and visualization for CXOs and top management.</p>

      <p class="mce-root"></p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>