<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Introduction</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>The main role of any business is bringing value to its customers, employees, and stakeholders. Every group needs to own a unique value, for example, stakeholders are interested in revenue growth and meeting KPIs. On the other hand, customers are expecting high-quality services and products.</p>

      <p>In order to drive value, businesses need managers and employees to make the right decisions. They require clean and accurate data that enables sound decision-making and allows them to generate value for everyone.</p>

      <p>Modern businesses generate tremendous volumes of data. Some data is available in data warehouses, some in <strong>online Transaction processing</strong> (<strong>OLTP</strong>) system, and some in third-party marketing applications. Tableau is a powerful tool that allows us to explore and visualize all this data, but sometimes it isn't enough. In some cases, data should be clean and transformed before analysis and usually it requires the help of data engineers or <strong>extract, transform,</strong> <strong>load</strong> (<strong>ETL</strong>) developers. As a result, this is a kind of bottleneck for the organization and slows down decision-making processes as well as value-generation.</p>

      <p><span>With Tableau 2018.1, a new desktop tool - Tableau Prep- was announced.</span> This is a self-service data tool that will help clean, transform, and reshape data for better analysis. It empowers business users with the ability to see and feel data and visually manipulate it in order to shape it into the correct form.</p>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>