<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Setting the narrative of the Story</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

    <header>

      <h1 class="header-title">Setting the narrative of the Story</h1>

    </header>

    <article>

      <p>To present an effective Story, you need to discover it in your data first. This sounds demanding, but actually it's not. If you have data to analyze, you also have a Story to tell. We don't have to be talented novelists to write a good Story. However, we can borrow some tips from them. First, let’s take a look at what every Story contains. In every Story, we can find the following elements:</p>

      <ul>

        <li><strong>Introduction</strong>: <span>In the introduction, </span><span>we need to describe the setup of the situation and introduce the main characters. For example, in business, the situation often denotes the market context, while characters are brands that we are interested in. </span></li>

        <li><strong>Conflict</strong>:<span> The conflict </span><span>phase is where we present the main problem. In this phase, we are usually faced with dilemmas where we need to choose the direction of the following steps in the analysis. The conflict phase is resolved when we decide on the specific route to take while investigating our data.</span></li>

        <li><strong>Development</strong>:<strong> </strong><span>The d</span><span>evelopment</span><span> phase is usually devoted to a description of different approaches to the problem and our process of searching for the solution. The main purpose of this phase is to inform our audience about what we have done with our data and which hypotheses are already tested.</span></li>

        <li><strong>Climax</strong>: <span>The climax</span><span> is the moment when all the pieces of the puzzle come together. At that point, the key insight of our analysis should have been clarified.</span></li>

        <li><strong>Resolution</strong>:<strong> </strong><span>In the resolution phase, we are presenting the final result. In this phase, we are suggesting a solution to the problem, along with the arguments that support it.</span></li>

      </ul>

    </article>

  </section>

</div>
</body>
</html>